those areas stay
the chevrolet crosses one of the latest creations of the american brand in this
case has not done in the united states lohan ran into brazil yes no five of
they
we are in front of a medium-sized sedan with 57 meters that gets
full in this segment that has important players and will have others
more by the end of the year when the 2nd 408 and the renault are incorporated
fluence both produced here in Argentina
efe lorenzo has a model that competes in this segment that you know is the
20% has a few more proportions of very similar grants produces is a
most modern vehicle the most sophisticated samples the design that
is adopting the chevrolet in most of its products
in the design of this author calls profuse special emphasis edition and
bulky a car or yielding robust that conveys a great sense of solidity
and we could say that the taste of the European public is a little bit
yes inside are well defined cars also very good driving position
ferrer was deep was the victorious regulation and a well-defined panel
clear continental
commands in general in switzerland are correct added the air exporter
conditioning of the air conditioner according to analysts of the companion
permanently by rubbing the speed is modified just the forced
bush
if you are
yes
the rear seats are spacious very comfortable for adults even though
the killing was the creator of the roof and not so comfortable for a fifth passenger as
usually happens in most of these were employees
Good capacity also of trunk with 450 liters really dies accepting everything
the luggage a family type sports
yes based on the equipment levels offered at the crossing and in
this case we have a regional community
of the mine in 60 that will benefit from some special accessories like
example the leather upholstery automatic sliding sunroof
cross control audio command at the wheel this will be the central endowment very
but very complete science would not lack for example the regulation
electric ups
however the most important thing is that the security endowment
haiti has six boiling efficient jbs brakes
short distances 40 meters approximately to find out about 100
kilometers per hour to 0 and if we keep talking about safety
I think the most remarkable device is the psp or dynamic control of the
stability and another one of the exclusive items of the mtc bowl works
side curtains while in the elche keep only 4
since then there are 370
from a second stage of the crossing of the avenue a diesel engine of 150 of
supplies the only motive option now with the launch
is a 1 point action at 0 with 140 cases an efficient engine an engine with good
delivery of power below progressive something asleep or for my taste
I especially like it
the box is a manual of five marches málaga criticism also be
should have a bitter statistics contained very good benefits
also with this transmission ponce like 5 seconds to assert zero
so in kilometers per hour and a final speed I feel 95 kilometers
per hour
the consumptions are coherent to sustain it at least not so
comfortable like 4 liters a-131 of fraga
but for my taste they are a little high in town, whether our average has
been 12
roma 5 liters
As for the dynamics en route to Bayamón, it occurred in a car absolutely
today balanced with its 503 soft editions in a very good ride comfort
city ​​filtering malformations of the streets being like that demus
the car that performs well the route
in this sense he assured he leaned a little product of that soft motivation
but it's always going to produce with rare inhibition controversies and without
need at least in the tests that we have done
to connect the stability control that predicts and always protects us
Aragón has alerted us whether or not we are going to review a ticket to the conclusions
starting with the points
Jaime did not like us entering by the motor in principle the consumption
high city and the five-gear box when I could have a
star anyways a little bit later this same one is going to come
motor 1 point 8 associated with an automatic box in this case with six
speed
you have a good quality pumper in general there are some
the attitude of some acts
is that they are not around to the level that would not claim the auto de fe price
the options of the union or has a the vcl files does not have minutes to
cellular telephony does not convince us the help that can be
perfectly but not the same size as the others
well the fifth place is one of the criticizable items
but in the case of crossing ltz I think the most criticizable thing is that the price 122
thousand pesos is the presale value
of this junction with the release
the author in equipped a car with good quality very good level of safety but
is a value that position it higher it was reported at the moment that ultimately
has those safety advisors and that is also a comfortable vehicle and
very good quality
and finally also the two-year guarantee when there are other models
of chevrolet com for example behind that are three years old and supposed to be
the most sophisticated and most reliable modern author
I should also have
two points in favor
in principle the design I think is impeccable I think it's the first break
of the time say the past few years what good design this car has another
remarkable point interior comfort especially the driving position
the comfort equipment the security equipment the pleasant
that is driving this car forced to settle for its good performance in
route the precision of the selector of changes that I do not take it inside
I remove 5 oct
by last
rarely noted the policy that has been adopted will be motorcycles in Argentina of not
just concentrate on your successful economic models like for example
classic made that Argentina but also bet on higher levels
with sophisticated cars like this crossroads that will not be easy to get into
in a segment where they lead fano toyota corolla ford focus also quotes itself
the future renault fluence kosovo 208 and maybe the rival to beat in terms of
prestige certification kessel way invention that in parentheses to read
on the twitter to the spare
bus